Update documentation for how to merge (#7683)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/guidelines/pr.md

## Merges

> We only allow GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge], for 2 reasons:
> Our release tooling also relies on [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge] in order to list changes between versions. By doing so, the resulting commit will be suffixed with the id of the PR.

Author: ```suggestion
We only allow GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge], for 2 reasons:

1. To keep a clean Git history
1. Our release tooling relies on commits being suffixed with the PR number in order to list changes between versions
```

## Merges

> To keep a clean Git history we disable standard merges and use GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only allow GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge], for 2 reasons:
```

> Our release tooling also relies on [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge] in order to list changes between versions. By doing so, the resulting commit will be suffixed with the id of the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. To keep a clean Git history
2. Our release tooling relies on commits being suffixed with the PR number in order to list changes between versions
```
